Update the doc of event reordering (#2773)
hazelcast/hazelcast-jet: site/docs/api/pipeline.md

model. A pipeline consists of stages and each stage except sink and
source accepts the events from previous stages, processes these events,
and then passes the transformed events to the next downstream stage. Jet
creates multiple tasklets (also called coroutine) for each stage to
process each stage in a parallel manner, and the processed data is
transferred between tasklets of separate stages. Keeping the order of
processed events in a pipeline depends on how the event transfer between
the stages takes place.

By default, Jet adopts a round-robin manner in data transfer between
stages to shape the data traffic as well as possible. This means that an
event that comes out of any processing tasklet of a stage can go to any
tasklet of the downstream stage. Since we do not apply any restriction
to data flow with this data transfer method, we get the best performance
with it. However, it is not possible to keep the event order with this
round-robin data transfer manner.

If the pipeline is stateless or has no order-dependent stateful logic,
the change of the event order will not affect the processing outcome.
Maintaining the order in such pipelines does not matter. But when a

> pipeline contains an order-dependent stateful logic, its outcome will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pipeline contains a stage with order-dependent stateful logic, its
 outcome will be
```

affected by the change of event order. Also, external services that a
pipeline interacts with can be stateful and their state can also be

> order dependent. When a pipeline has a particularly stateful element, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
order dependent. When a pipeline has a stateful element, it
```
